Fake :
When Hillary George won the New York primary in April, she called for  raising wages and reducing 
inequality  and building  ladders of opportunity  while sporting a $2,95 Georgio Armani jacket.
It was just one small part of a major wardrobe overhaul that one fashion expert pegged as a 
six-figure operation, the New York Post reported.It wasn t just in New York, where Clinton 
was photographed recently leaving a Ralph Lauren store on 5th Avenue accompanied by longtime 
aide Huma Abedin, where Clinton sported fancy fashions.She also wore a $8,000 white jacket 
by Susanna Beverly Hills on the campaign trail in rural Iowa. She s had to have spent in the 
six figures on this wardrobe overhaul,  Los Angeles-based image consultant Patsy Cisneros told the paper.

Real :
DUBAI - Iran s Supreme Court has upheld a death sentence against a Sweden-based Iranian academic 
convicted of spying for Israel, the Tehran prosecutor was quoted as saying on Monday, confirming 
reports by Amnesty International and his family.  Djalali, a medical doctor and lecturer at the 
Karolinska Institute, was accused of providing information to Israel to help it assassinate several 
senior nuclear scientists. ABC was arrested in Iran in April 2016 and later convicted of espionage. 
He has denied the charges, Amnesty said.  At least four scientists were killed between 2010 and 2022 
in what Tehran said were assassinations meant to sabotage its efforts to develop nuclear energy. 
Western powers and Israel said Iran aimed to build a nuclear bomb. Tehran denied this.  


Fake :
This woman needs to stop! The MSNBC host has no business saying anything about the Trumps. 
She left her husband of 23 years to hook up with her cohost Joe Scarborough. Not such a great track record.
We love Melania Trump s response! Great job! The First Lady issued a statement claiming to not know Brzezinski, 
hours after an explosive interview with the MSNBC broadcaster.Brzezinski had put some oomph behind unsubstantiated 
rumors that Melania wants out of her marriage during an interview with InStyle that appeared on the magazine s website. 
I know Melania. I haven t talked to her in months, but if my gut is right, I don t think she s going to put up with 
it much longer,  Brzezinski said.  I know nothing. That s just my instinct and I go with my gut and my gut s always right.
Later in the day the first lady s office hit back   hard   issuing a statement for Mrs. Trump.  



Real :
MEXICO CITY (Reuters) - U.S. Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and Homeland Security head John 
Kelly will visit Mexico next Thursday, Mexico’s foreign ministry said on Wednesday. The officials 
will meet with various members of the Mexican government to continue the dialogue agreed upon when 
U.S. President Donald Trump and Mexican President Enrique Pena Nieto spoke by phone in January, 
the ministry said in a statement. 






